Added links for adding EditorConfig files in IDEs (#31623)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/code-analysis/code-style-rule-options.md

> For more information, see [Option format](style-rules/language-rules.md#option-format).

> [!TIP]
>
> - In Visual Studio, you can add the following default .NET .editorconfig file to your project from the **Add New Item** dialog box. For detailed steps, see [Add and remove EditorConfig files](/visualstudio/ide/create-portable-custom-editor-options?#add-and-remove-editorconfig-files).
> - For information about using .editorconfig files in Visual Studio for Mac, see [Creating and editing a custom EditorConfig file](/visualstudio/mac/editorconfig).

> > - For Visual Studio Code, You can use the [EditorConfig for VS Code plugin](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=EditorConfig.EditorConfig) to override user/workspace settings with settings found in .editorconfig files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - For Visual Studio Code, you can use the [EditorConfig for VS Code plugin](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=EditorConfig.EditorConfig) to override user/workspace settings with settings found in .editorconfig files.
```

> For more information, see [Option format](style-rules/language-rules.md#option-format).

> [!TIP]
>

> > - In Visual Studio, you can add the following default .NET .editorconfig file to your project from the **Add New Item** dialog box. Refer [this article](/visualstudio/ide/create-portable-custom-editor-options?#add-and-remove-editorconfig-files) for detailed steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - In Visual Studio, you can add the following default .NET .editorconfig file to your project from the **Add New Item** dialog box. For detailed steps, see [Add and remove EditorConfig files](/visualstudio/ide/create-portable-custom-editor-options?#add-and-remove-editorconfig-files).
```

> >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> > - For Visual Studio for Mac, Refer [this](/visualstudio/mac/editorconfig) article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - For information about using .editorconfig files in Visual Studio for Mac, see [Creating and editing a custom EditorConfig file](/visualstudio/mac/editorconfig).
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion!

> >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> > - For Visual Studio Code, You can [EditorConfig for VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=EditorConfig.EditorConfig) plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - In Visual Studio Code, you can use the [EditorConfig for VS Code plugin](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=EditorConfig.EditorConfig) to override user/workspace settings with settings found in .editorconfig files.
```
